Ltimindtree Poonam rathor HR interview happened at 11:15 am on 18th may
Interviewer name: nitu patil 
Email:ankitshivane.as@gmail.com
1. Why we have default and static method in Java 8
2. What is the difference between interface and abstract class
3. Why we should use interface in Java 
4. What is stream api
5. What are the different intermediate operation and termination operation in streams
6. What is difference between hashmap and concurrent hashmap 
7. Let's say if we create a threadsafe version of hashmap using collections.synchronizedMap then what is the difference between that hashmap and concurrent hashmap 
8. What are the ways to do microservice communication 
9. What is SOLD design principles 
10. What are the different annotations used in spring boot application list them
11. How to connect spring boot application to database 
12. What is spring framework what are its features and advantages 
13. What Is meaning of exception and how you handle exception 
14. Difference between throw and throws 
15. Coding questions: for a given string find the frequency of each character in string using Java 8 streams

first round selected 
2nd round at Ltimindtree for account level hiring of banking domain 
Hr- Poonam rathore 
Interviewer - bipin
Email - ankitshivane.as@gmail.com 
Date and time: 21 May 1 pm to 1:40 pm 
1. What is qualifier annotations 
2. How to connect spring boot application to db
3. How do you call api of another microservice what are the steps you will took
4. How to create a microservice and create a api in it what are the steps
5. What is static keyword
6. What is method reference 
7. What are the different predefined functional interface in Java 8 
8. Tell me what is predicate and function interview in Java what are the methods inside it and where we use
9. If we have lambda expression then where we can use method reference and how
10. What is optional in Java 
11. What is functional interface 
12. How to create a functional interface 
13. What are the different stereotypes annotations in spring boot list them
14. What is dependency injection 
15. What are the different types of dependency injection
16. Guess the output of below program:
try{
return 1;}
Catch(Exception e){
return 2;
}
finally {
return {
return 3;
}
As per me ans: 3
17. There is employee table having department Id as foreign key so write a sql query to fetch list of employees to fetch the employee having HR department
