first round happened with Cognizant on 31st May at 10AM email used: ankitshivane.as interview happened almost 40 min
Interviewer: Nirupam Dey
HR: Akash (7980213894)

1. Can we use try with finally without cat h 
2. Which is the topmost class in exception hierarchy 
3. What is error class in exception handling 
4. Let's say we have hashset collection in java and added one person class having one string and integer field. So in hashset added two objects p1. Add and p2 where both the contents of the P1 and P2 are same what will happen 
5. What is the contents of hashmap method how will you write 
6. What is the return type of hashcode method 
7. What is we did override equals and hashcode in person class and then save it
8. And what if we do not override the equals and hashcode in person class then what will happen 
9. What if equals method is overriden properly for content equality but in hashcode overriden method we return a constant value what will happen 
10. In spring boot which annotation is the first annotation will be used 
11. What is dependency injection and it's trypes 
12. What are the type of autowiring 
13. Which dependency injection is the best and which one to use 
14. So let's say we don't have an mandatory dependency means it is a optional then which one will be used
15. Let's say there is one dependency which won't be available initially but can be available after 10 min or any later time then which annotation we will use in this cases
16. What are the different annotation we used 
17. How to return a any type as return type of rest api in rest api
18. By default what are the types of rest APIs it can return without change
19. Write down a entity and repository code
20. What are the default method in the jpa responsitory available after creating it.
21. Available in the jpa repository 
22. Difference between persist and save 
23. How to write a composite key in jpa
24. What are the types of relationship you used in spring boot application entity 
25. let's say there is a one to many relationships a
26. The how will you write it 
27. Which circuit breaker is used in your project (ans: resilience4j)
28. Why resilience and why not hysterix
29. How will you deploy your spring boot application (catch is type of packaging jar,war etc)
30. What are the different changes you will do for changing packaging from jar to war
31. Which server you are using in spring boot for deployment 
32. Why haven't you use external sever 
33. What are the steps you will take to deploy spring boot application using external sever
34. write down the code for singleton class
35. tell me how many objects will be created and output of the below program:
36. what is the difference between callable and runnable?
37. write code for custom thread in java.
38. what is executor framework and how it works?
39. what is thread pool ? does executor framework uses it ?


Answer for question no 35:
public class Test1 {

	public static void main(String[] args) {
		String s1 = "Ankit";
		String s2 = "Ankit";
		String s3 = new String("Ankit");
		String s4 = new String("Ankit");
		System.out.println(s1 == s2);
		System.out.println(s3 == s4);
		
		/**
		 * correct answer:
		 * true
		   false
		 */
	}

}
