Interview happened on 08 May 2024 at 3:00 PM to 3:45 PM for the Tech Lead position interviewer was Pranav jatala and HR Deepa

1. What is microservices and why we should use it?
2. What is vertical scaling 
3. What is saga design patterns 
4. What is circuit breaker pattern 
5. How microservices communication happen?
6. What is resttemplate 
7. How to we deploy spring boot application and do we use jar or war for that
8. What is spring boot and what are the advantages of it
9. What is starter dependency 
10. What is actuator and what are the different endpoint of it
11. In which dependency injection the we get exception if the dependency is not found
12. Which design patterns use by spring data jpa internally 
13. What is functional interface 
14. What is an immutable class in java and how to create it
15. What are the different oops concept you have used in your project and how?
16. Difference between find and find any
17. What are the terminal operation in stream and which all are the terminal operator 
18. What is @springbootapplication annotation 
19. What is @componentscan annotation 
20. What is message converters 
21. What is resttemplate 
22. Difference between put vs post 
23. What are the different status code and difference between 200 and 201 status code
24. In circuit breaker what is half open state
25. What is spring cloud config server and how it manages external configuration

Coding Questions on Java Streams:
1. convert an employee list to Set using java Streams
2. from a list of Employee fetch all employee having Location as Mumbai
3. sort an employee list by employee id


-------------------

Second round L2 with Tech Mahindra at 18th May 6PM and interviewer is Krishna
email used: ankitshivane.as
HR: Deepa
coding question
var a=[1,2,35,8] 
var b =[6,3,8,1]
please merge both and remove duplicate

List<Integer> mergedValues=
IntStream.concat(Arrays.stream(a),Arrays.stream(b)).distinct().collect(Collectors.toList());

----------

1. how authentication and authorization of the api is working between multiple microservies
2. how you have used redis in application
3. how code quality is maintained in the project (ans:sonarqube)
4. lets say we have two containers how one microservices is talking to another microservice ?
5. how you are creating a containers ? explain docker build and docker run
6. what is @configurationProperties annotation does?
7. explain how you have secured your application what are the different ways your have used?
